the youtube galera beauty here is the
room and let's do a quest here today
emfar 43 in which the last is the feast of
last mega to do the last to last
schoolbag
we need to hunt or immortal ourselves
she can only this item that we
need can only be achieved in the
Masses on the path of the hunter who is
When we get a job there, we have
a wall of layoffs there
then we'll see that you get this
mission
I'll show you here where already
which is the local wolf where it can
adverse
so here the map is that in that place that
the source fuel here when
conquer this post
You will be able to release these mission
here o
this here the path of the hunter a rare
mortal kick
in that same to give an ok here and again
bye
I came here, it 's skin or not.
when going around
I can not spend here, we'll get it.
a weapon that is them they give
So we can kill him, only complete.
with sp gas there is no no shotgun
To put a place here we have to
kill him with this area is here
there with the cave
look here already from the province to escape him
ours already killed a lot
Oh and such a pussy here I have this
I think it's already done.
It does now is that the use came
of flamenco stones
So we staying here are
away from it and it is much easier to
people kill dies happy moneo
When you get there, you have nothing in it.
detained with more than 10 shots of
shotgun to show we can kill the
So
mortal a complete function here is that
You had to be here.
well here you see naback here in
Sport backpack is useful to backpack
extended this team needed skin
of the immortal that could only be achieved
This item is in this mission.
to spin all the backpacks
complete
here you can see to do the last
also needs the ingredient
found on chase path tasks
cordel china 'in the next video I
do will make showing where you
will find and if that a horn that
It needs beauty, not to increase our
wallet to carry 10 thousand donors
People, this video is small only for
show you where to where to
I hope it will be of use to you.
until the next
thanks